doc: add minutes 22 Jan 2020 (#805)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2020-01-22.md

﻿# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-01-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/n3bS_3tcffU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/804

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Francisco Tolmasky (Invited guest for Runkit discussion)

## Agenda

### Announcements

> * Ritch: This Friday will be onboard ronag who has done a lot of work on Streams. Would like second TSC member present to provide a more rounded set of answer etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rich: This Friday, will be onboarding ronag who has done a lot of work on Streams.
```

      download the docs.
    * not too much progress has been made on the website side of things
   
  * Gabriel, when you see embedded link you see embeded link and you see it run somewhere else.
    * Francisco, there are already playgrounds that you can link to
  
  * Answering questions in the last discussion:
    * what happens if there are outages (seems like it degrades nicely to just show the code)
      * Just defaults to as if was not runkit enabled in the first
    * executing JavaScript code from their domain in our region.
      * no dynamic code only that required for embeds, execution runs outside of browser
    * Privacy concerns
      * Runkit is complete trackerless
      * No user information is forwarded from browser to Runkit backend (will be there by the time PR lands)
      * Websocket is used to send code over from website and then back to the browser when you hit
        run.
      * Only connect to Runkit if you select run button
      * enabled through example by adding “runnable”  after ```js

  * Other users
    * npm already has this on their site (has button that says try on runkit)

>     * ExpressJS and KoA already has fully integrated versions

Reviewer 2: - go: https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/?m=all#example_FileServer
- lodash: https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#drop
- rust: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/char/fn.from_u32.html
